get more aggressive with the shit you want in life. stop playing shit safe and being soft.
STAY UP ALL FUCKING NIGHT. Dont lose sleep over a project, lose sleep over your passion--lose sleep for a fucking purpose.
Do the work when its not easy--thats what separates professionals from amateurs.
GETUP FUCKING EARLY!
Drink more fucking coffee if you have to and go workout, read, stretch or start a new project. ACCOMPLISH SOMETHING.
Your practice better be rough if you want your performance to be smooth.
Rule no 1: Never take your foot off the gas. Build momentum at all costs. A stagnant man is a dead man.
Every once a while you get a glimpse of the person you could be. Hold on to that. Work for it. Nothing is out of reach.
You are nothing but a number of days, and whenever a day passes, a part of you passes away.
BECOME THE GREATEST MAN YOUR BLOODLINE HAS EVER SEEN!
Its not hard. You've just never done this before. Know the difference. Engage Your Curiosity. Shift your perspective.
Only the disciplined ones are free in life. If you're undisciplined, you're slave to your mood.
It gets easier. Every day, it gets a little easier. But you gotta do it everyday. That's the hard part.
If you aren't amazed most of the times. You aren't paying attention.
If you don't make your decision yourselves, life is going to make them for you.
Self control is just empathy with future self.
You can escape reality, but you can't escape the consequences of escaping reality.
The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war.
Until death, all defeat is psychological.
Another Monday has passed. Week will soon end. That's how people get old. Week by week. One day you wake up and you're 50.
Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records.
A man is the days he has lived, the things he has done, the people he has met, the things he has seen.
A man is the sum of his actions.
What a previlege it is to be exhausted by a challenge you chose for yourself.
Inspired by the fear of being average.
Don't trade your dignity for dopamine.
Action cures fear. We suffer more in imagination than in reality.